#summary Frequently Asked Questions about SportSync

= FAQ Section =
[#Where_can_I_find_game-time_statistics? Where can I find game-time statistics?]
<br />
[#Where_can_I_find_suitable_cables_to_use_with_UNC_radio_and_SportSync? Where can I find suitable cables to use with UNC radio and SportSync?]

==Where can I find game-time statistics?==
[http://espn.go.com/mens-college-basketball/team/_/id/153/north-carolina-tar-heels ESPN page for UNC Basketball]


==Where can I find suitable cables to use with UNC radio and SportSync?==

Suggested submitted by a SportSync user:

  One way to use SportSync is to connect the audio output or headphone output from a radio to the microphone input jack on your computer. Note, however, that the microphone input is made for a very low voltage signal.  To avoid overloading the microphone input, which results in a very distorted signal and could damage your sound card, you may need to reduce the voltage of the input signal.  With a headphone output, you can probably just turn the volume down on the radio.  For a regular audio output, which is not affected by the volume setting on the radio, a simple solution is to use an attenuating dubbing cord.  RadioShack makes a 6-Ft. Attenuating Dubbing Cord, 1/8" Phone Plug to RCA Plug, part number 42-2461.  If you have a standard 1/8" microphone input on your computer, you'll also need to get a Mono Phone Jack to 1/8" Stereo Plug Adapter, part number 274-378.  These cost $6.99 and $4.49, respectively.

  Note that RadioShack also makes a 6.5-Ft. Attenuating Dubbing Cord with 1/8" Phone Plugs, part number 42-2152.  However, this cord has a considerably higher resistance than the cord above, and in our initial test case it reduced the signal too much, so you could barely hear it. Note also that both cords are packaged so that you can remove them from the packaging without tearing the packaging, which allows you to test them and return the one that does not work for you.

    - Brian, updated Nov. 6, 2012

== Can I change the SportSync Theme? ==
No, there are currently no options to change the theme of SportSync.